#05/07/2026
1. Name and logo need redone. Find the font for the name.

2. Sign in should have a hover and onclick function. Need to create onboarding slides.
Onboarding should have a progress bar at the top.

3. Home page should be more informational until the user logs in; no service, no mot

4. Back to being more informational, the current widgets should showcase what the app has to offer. "Track your maintenance, service and mot reminders in one place, always be ride ready with our pre ride checklist, take part in our communtiy" etc etc etc.
When scrolling down, there should be a widget showcasing what the users phone could look like. A visual of a phone with the profile screen? I will develop this and place it into the docs area for implementation.

5. There needs to be a footer. It should copyright Chantelle Lavery.

6. The home screen will change to show all the user-specific details AFTER sign up, login and onboarding have taken place.

06/07/2026

Onboarding looks good. Progress bar functional. When submitting with empty field it says "Faield to fetch". This is general auth but it should be changed for the UI to detect empty fields. All the auth looks good so far. Home page is done bar adding visuals. Mobile view has aniamted hamburger menu.
Next step to create profile dashboard. This follows the flow of signing up / logging in. 
Need to make more mockups of the dashboard.
Need to relearn react router to reroute other pages; look at Kids Patient Portal code.
Have also noticed the progress bar at the top of the "Log in" part. Need to update the conditional slide state to remove it for a returning user. Logging in doesn't have 4 steps.
Slowly discovering tailwind editables.. like w-3/5 is 40% width of parent.
Need to update the page names, placeholders currently.

11/07/26

Forgot to put in devnotes from the last few days but hav elearned A LOT. Had to relearn React Router for a start, which was tough but came back to me as I worked through it. Had to overhaul the navigation because the mobile menu and default desktop menu were totally separate, and conflicting with each other. With the help of claude I compiled it into one either/or code snip. Also added a couple bells and whistles like tapping outside the menu will close it. Added some placeholder endpoints too like pressing the name of a page takes to the sign up menu.

Managed to create the bike profile and its layout, but filled it completely with placeholder, which was good for vision but now I realise I didn't follow what the API would actually populate it with, so now I need to rewrite it all. Currently in big talks with claude and it has realised something; I assumed the API was completely open/free, but it is infact limited. Not the end of the world, I just need to redesign the bike profile creator.
I have realised though thr API return object has a LOT more info than i thought. Once again back to claude to be walked through how to dynamically fill the bike profile card! As not all makes/models will have the same information. I 
Also realised the bike profile creator is missing a full slide for last service, and mileage. Need to add that before the end of the day so the placeholder text can be removed.

Been some time and i've just noticed the inputs for the bike profile still have example text (prefilled field, not placeholder, I put that there when first creating the onboarding slides to save myself 3 seconds worth of typing)

Having a hard time learning how this API works; been getting a hefty walkthrough via claude and copilot.

Really tough. Now when you search for the model, it attaches the year to the results, so it'll (debounce? new word) return for example "CB125F 2017 CB125 2020 CB125 2021" and so on. User will need to scroll through the results or type more to refine it. Annoying, but it works! Took roughly 9 hours. 

Just removed the example text in bike profile. Now to add the extra slide to add the mileage and last service.
I think the service should have a toggle, to let the enter either a date or a mile marker number. I will also need to update the bike table in mySQL to take this value. 
Also found old "default bike" code. Thought it would be useful. I'm on my laptop so i've asked claude to write up SQL file etc so when I get back to my pc at home I can just get it to sort out everything (I have a lot of useful stuff listed in gitignore). Save myself a headache


14/07/26
Doing a bit of restyling on the bike profile, it'll do the job for now. Looks a bit cramped but doesn't look bad at all. If anything i'm just happy the data is showing after spending days trying to make it work.
I think nexct is just adding to the user dashboard naturally. Each new widget will require a new page. It needs the checklist, the ride conditions API thing, then the community page.

I think the ride conditions API will be pretty tough to work around. Initially I wanted it to be able to take the users postcode at onboard, send that to some weather checker, return the current figure for that postcode and display it. But every API I see uses lat/lon, and I don't expect anyone to know their coords. I think the next thing I can do is take the users postcode at onboard, database it, send THAT to an api to return the coords? and database that too. Then when ever the user goes to their dashboard I can send the coords over to an API for the weather. it means on onboarding the user is only having to get their coords once too. I think that might be the approach?